README.md, before:

# LOGOS

LOGOS is a method of outlier removal specifically designed for image features such as SURF. 

Details on LOGOS can be found in [link to paper](urlforpaper).

## Dependencies

The demo can be run with images from the [Oxford City Centre dataset](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~mobile/IJRR_2008_Dataset/data.html). This dataset was generated by M. Cummins and P. Newman for the paper [FAB-MAP: Probabilistic Localization and Mapping in the Space of Appearance](http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0278364908090961) (2008).

If available, the VLFeat library will be used via the MATLAB API. This is only used for the demo, not for LOGOS itself. The VLFeat library can be downloaded from [the VLFeat homepage](http://www.vlfeat.org/).

The demo also depends on methods for detecting and extracting SURF features from the MATLAB Computer Vision System Toolbox. 

## Running the demo

Run 

```
demo
```

for a usage example. 

This example uses images 1448.jpg and 388.jpg from the [Oxford City Centre dataset](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~mobile/IJRR_2008_Dataset/data.html). 

## Reference

If you use LOGOS in an academic work, please cite:

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{LOGOS:LA:ICRA2018, 
author={S. Lowry and H. Andreasson}, 
booktitle={2018 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)}, 
title={LOGOS: Local geometric support for high-outlier spatial verification}, 
year={2018}, 
volume={}, 
number={}, 
pages={}, 
doi={}, 
ISSN={}, 
month={May},}
}
```

Commit message:

Include local version of paper

README.md, after:

# LOGOS

LOGOS is a method of outlier removal specifically designed for image features such as SURF. 

Details on LOGOS can be found in the paper [LOGOS: Local geometric support for high-outlier spatial verification](LOGOS.pdf).

## Dependencies

The demo can be run with images from the [Oxford City Centre dataset](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~mobile/IJRR_2008_Dataset/data.html). This dataset was generated by M. Cummins and P. Newman for the paper [FAB-MAP: Probabilistic Localization and Mapping in the Space of Appearance](http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0278364908090961) (2008).

If available, the VLFeat library will be used via the MATLAB API. This is only used for the demo, not for LOGOS itself. The VLFeat library can be downloaded from [the VLFeat homepage](http://www.vlfeat.org/).

The demo also depends on methods for detecting and extracting SURF features from the MATLAB Computer Vision System Toolbox. 

## Running the demo

Run 

```
demo
```

for a usage example. 

This example uses images 1448.jpg and 388.jpg from the [Oxford City Centre dataset](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~mobile/IJRR_2008_Dataset/data.html). 

## Reference

If you use LOGOS in an academic work, please cite:

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{LOGOS:LA:ICRA2018, 
author={S. Lowry and H. Andreasson}, 
booktitle={2018 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)}, 
title={LOGOS: Local geometric support for high-outlier spatial verification}, 
year={2018}, 
volume={}, 
number={}, 
pages={}, 
doi={}, 
ISSN={}, 
month={May},}
}
```
